welcome you sir game project this we do
reviews unboxings and gaming commentary
now this box might be the same of the
7900 we you must know that depending on
where you buy it and what time you buy
the what the boxes might be different
like I bought we bought ours from thymes
watch so they're both the indie but came
the same box alright so this is the gwx
8900 be this one the newer ones compared
to the last one that we unboxed now as
it has only case again this is also 200
meters water-resistant here's the case
side the case there's the warranty then
there's the instruction manual and then
there's this the watch itself now the
watch is solar powered so that's why
there's this here this shows the solar
powered do is the moon the tide the date
of the week the date of the month the
month and the time now for the light
there's the auto light feature which
means that when you face the watchwords
you it lights up automatically plus
there's you could change it for three
seconds lighting up or five seconds now
let's look throw out the modes there's
the tide there's the moon so you can
just change it for the signing of the
moon tide there's 48 different countries
so you get the time of 48 different
countries then there's an alarm there's
another alarm there's four arms in total
with the snooze and a signal per hour
which you could change 2 out of 15
minutes 45 minutes 30 minutes then
there's a stopwatch there's a timer and
then there's the Atlantic sign with the
time showing again so this is back to
the regular one and does different times
so let's say you're back to the this is
the regular mode so the regular mode has
like a different beep than the other
ones
you can also mute the watch and then
that's about it so what you have to do
is you have to charge it for eight hours
of solar light so let's say you're
outside or something you just make sure
your sweater is not on top
of the watch so they get solar-powered
if it's in daytime it's different times
they have to charge it actually I think
inside it's eight hours for it to charge
before but I always it tells you this
stuff in the pamphlet it says July don
the wristband the baton is glossy so it
keeps fingerprints but it looks nice
then then after it says touch solar
that's about it thanks for watching
please like favorite and subscribe the
video peace